README.md, before:

# FabricX Developer Toolkit

FabricX is a developer toolkit designed to simplify building on Hyperledger Fabric. It provides a CLI, an SDK, and chaincode templates to abstract away the complexity of setting up, deploying to, and interacting with a Fabric network.

## Project Overview

The FabricX project aims to streamline Hyperledger Fabric development by offering a suite of tools that abstract away much of the underlying complexity. It enables developers to focus on chaincode logic and application development rather than intricate network configurations and low-level interactions.

The project consists of three main components:

1.  **A CLI (`fabricx`)**: Written in TypeScript, providing high-level commands for common Fabric operations.
2.  **An SDK (`@fabricx/sdk`)**: Also in TypeScript, offering a programmatic interface to interact with Fabric networks.
3.  **A Go Runtime Core (`core`)**: Handles the low-level interactions with Hyperledger Fabric, communicating with the TypeScript components via gRPC.

## Features

*   **Simplified Network Management**: Easily initialize, deploy, and tear down local Fabric networks.
*   **Chaincode Deployment**: Deploy chaincode templates with simple commands.
*   **Intuitive Interaction**: Invoke and query chaincode functions with clear, concise commands or programmatic calls.
*   **Monorepo Structure**: Organized into distinct packages for clear separation of concerns and easier development.
*   **gRPC Communication**: Efficient and robust communication between TypeScript and Go components.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

*   Node.js (>=18.0.0)
*   Go (>=1.25.3)
*   Docker and Docker Compose

### Installation

To get started with FabricX, clone the repository and install dependencies:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/temmyjay001/fabricx.git
cd fabricx
npm install # Installs dependencies for CLI and SDK
cd core
go mod download # Installs Go dependencies for the runtime
cd ..
```

### Building the Project

To build all components of the FabricX toolkit:

```bash
npm run build # Builds CLI and SDK
cd core
make build # Builds the Go runtime binary
cd ..
```

Alternatively, you can build the Docker image for the Go runtime:

```bash
cd core
make docker-build
cd ..
```

### Key Commands (CLI)

Once the CLI is built and linked (e.g., via `npm link` in the `cli` directory or by using `npx`), you can use the following commands:

*   **Initialize a local Fabric network:**
    ```bash
    npx fabricx init
    ```

*   **Deploy a chaincode template:**
    ```bash
    npx fabricx deploy <template_name>
    ```
    *Example:* `npx fabricx deploy settlement`

*   **Invoke a chaincode function:**
    ```bash
    npx fabricx invoke <chaincode> <function> --args '<args_json_array>'
    ```
    *Example:* `npx fabricx invoke settlement createTx --args '["TX001","BANK_A","BANK_B",1000]'`

*   **Query a chaincode function:**
    ```bash
    npx fabricx query <chaincode> <function> --args '<args_json_array>'
    ```
    *Example:* `npx fabricx query settlement getTx --args '["TX001"]'`

*   **Tear down the local network:**
    ```bash
    npx fabricx stop
    ```

## Development Conventions

*   **Tech Stack:**
    *   **CLI & SDK:** TypeScript, Node.js
    *   **Core Runtime:** Go
    *   **Containerization:** Docker, Docker Compose
    *   **Testing:** Jest (TypeScript) and Go's built-in testing suite.
*   **Communication:** The TypeScript and Go layers communicate via a gRPC bridge.
*   **Project Structure:**
    ```
    /
    ├── cli/        # TypeScript CLI
    ├── sdk/        # TypeScript SDK
    ├── core/       # Go Runtime Core
    └── templates/  # Chaincode templates
    ```

## Contributing

We welcome contributions to the FabricX Developer Toolkit! Please see our [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for guidelines.

## License

This project is licensed under the Apache-2.0 License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

Commit message:

docs: Add Published Packages section to README.md
Added a new section to the README.md to explicitly list and link to the
published npm packages for the FabricX CLI and SDK, improving discoverability
from the main GitHub repository page.

README.md, after:

# FabricX Developer Toolkit

FabricX is a developer toolkit designed to simplify building on Hyperledger Fabric. It provides a CLI, an SDK, and chaincode templates to abstract away the complexity of setting up, deploying to, and interacting with a Fabric network.

## Project Overview

The FabricX project aims to streamline Hyperledger Fabric development by offering a suite of tools that abstract away much of the underlying complexity. It enables developers to focus on chaincode logic and application development rather than intricate network configurations and low-level interactions.

The project consists of three main components:

1.  **A CLI (`fabricx`)**: Written in TypeScript, providing high-level commands for common Fabric operations.
2.  **An SDK (`@fabricx/sdk`)**: Also in TypeScript, offering a programmatic interface to interact with Fabric networks.
3.  **A Go Runtime Core (`core`)**: Handles the low-level interactions with Hyperledger Fabric, communicating with the TypeScript components via gRPC.

## Published Packages

The FabricX CLI and SDK are available on npm:

*   **CLI**: [`@fabricx/cli`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@fabricx/cli)
*   **SDK**: [`@fabricx/sdk`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@fabricx/sdk)

## Features

*   **Simplified Network Management**: Easily initialize, deploy, and tear down local Fabric networks.
*   **Chaincode Deployment**: Deploy chaincode templates with simple commands.
*   **Intuitive Interaction**: Invoke and query chaincode functions with clear, concise commands or programmatic calls.
*   **Monorepo Structure**: Organized into distinct packages for clear separation of concerns and easier development.
*   **gRPC Communication**: Efficient and robust communication between TypeScript and Go components.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

*   Node.js (>=18.0.0)
*   Go (>=1.25.3)
*   Docker and Docker Compose

### Installation

To get started with FabricX, clone the repository and install dependencies:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/temmyjay001/fabricx.git
cd fabricx
npm install # Installs dependencies for CLI and SDK
cd core
go mod download # Installs Go dependencies for the runtime
cd ..
```

### Building the Project

To build all components of the FabricX toolkit:

```bash
npm run build # Builds CLI and SDK
cd core
make build # Builds the Go runtime binary
cd ..
```

Alternatively, you can build the Docker image for the Go runtime:

```bash
cd core
make docker-build
cd ..
```

### Key Commands (CLI)

Once the CLI is built and linked (e.g., via `npm link` in the `cli` directory or by using `npx`), you can use the following commands:

*   **Initialize a local Fabric network:**
    ```bash
    npx fabricx init
    ```

*   **Deploy a chaincode template:**
    ```bash
    npx fabricx deploy <template_name>
    ```
    *Example:* `npx fabricx deploy settlement`

*   **Invoke a chaincode function:**
    ```bash
    npx fabricx invoke <chaincode> <function> --args '<args_json_array>'
    ```
    *Example:* `npx fabricx invoke settlement createTx --args '["TX001","BANK_A","BANK_B",1000]'`

*   **Query a chaincode function:**
    ```bash
    npx fabricx query <chaincode> <function> --args '<args_json_array>'
    ```
    *Example:* `npx fabricx query settlement getTx --args '["TX001"]'`

*   **Tear down the local network:**
    ```bash
    npx fabricx stop
    ```

## Development Conventions

*   **Tech Stack:**
    *   **CLI & SDK:** TypeScript, Node.js
    *   **Core Runtime:** Go
    *   **Containerization:** Docker, Docker Compose
    *   **Testing:** Jest (TypeScript) and Go's built-in testing suite.
*   **Communication:** The TypeScript and Go layers communicate via a gRPC bridge.
*   **Project Structure:**
    ```
    /
    ├── cli/        # TypeScript CLI
    ├── sdk/        # TypeScript SDK
    ├── core/       # Go Runtime Core
    └── templates/  # Chaincode templates
    ```

## Contributing

We welcome contributions to the FabricX Developer Toolkit! Please see our [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for guidelines.

## License

This project is licensed under the Apache-2.0 License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
